hi there here we have the carbon ASIC
smartphone and we're going to do the
first boot up and show you also the demo
of the same card slot and the battery
area so here as you can see we have both
the same cache body as the micro SD card
slot and his way the battery goes in
this way so you can have two SIM cards
at the same time and let me just close
this panel and boot this up for the
first time so here comes a logo the
touch screen buttons are actually lit up
here
so these are the different home screens
which you get here as of now as we are
feeling that a touch is very good it's
decent enough and let me just go to the
settings and check out the OS version so
it should be under about phone and you
see a sandbox version 4.0.3 that's
Android Ice Cream Sandwich even it
doesn't look like Android Ice Cream
Sandwich and it looks like angular 2.3
or some older version but this is what
the company claims all of the box and it
looks like a customized UI based on
which they are just then what a few of
the imported view of the Android 4.0
features onto this phone and there's an
interface Ice Cream Sandwich phone so
these are the list of applications which
you get brain so not very smart phone
this is a low-end budget phone so you
need to make a note that okay we have
the notes application but this doesn't
work with touch it only works with text
so no point of using the same apart from
that you get few other applications like
the whatsapp download which actually
should be downloaded from this Google
Play Store we have a gallery application
and few other apps like sound recorder
camera blacklist number calculator
search call rock music FM radio and all
of these campaigns told apart format
this is the home screen as I mentioned
earlier let me go to the camera
application and check out the camera
quality so let's try to capture the
picture but for that first let us just
check out the current settings and check
what's the current quality so focus
should be on auto exposure value should
be on default as you can see here five
megapixel is the resolution which is set
up it was down though thinner okay
picture quality is on super fine
rightness let me just go to the maximum
brightness but that's very high let's
keep with the default brightness there
are different capture modes but made
also a continuous short mode which is
quite surprising because normally this
budget phone don't get this kind of
features but this is surprising we got a
continuous up to seven shot mode that's
the burst mode with seven pictures
captured let me just capture a single
photo first and then try out the burst
shot mode so this is the picture
captured on okay since I have selected
the seven capture mode it would actually
end up capturing seven shots and then
stop so that's quite surprising because
on the normal other smartphones we have
actually continuously long press on the
shutter button in order to experience
him and this clearly shows that the
camera is not up to the markets the bush
camera have ever seen the worst 5
megapixel camera I have ever seen
it looks like a 1.3 megapixel cameras
capture has been C there are lines and I
cannot even understand that what kind of
object was in the background even though
it was clearly a knife here so the
camera is something which is not up to
the mark you shouldn't be buying this
phone if you are planning to use it as a
camera considering that the company
sells as it has a 5 megapixel camera and
apart from that you get these all
applications and widgets onto the phone
and in the next video I will go into I
am going to show you the benchmark
and also run a few games if it's
possible to do the same so stay tuned on
advices medium and we'll keep you
updated thank you